The editors believe that this notebook may be used, copied, and modified freely
for the purposes of ACM competitions; however, please be aware that it
incorporates material from various sources, which differ in their licensing.
Some parts are not known to have been released under any license, so tread
carefully.

In the LaTeX source (codebook.tex) there is a comment after each subsection
heading indicating the authors of that section. (The notebook itself was
compiled by Brian Bi.) The following licenses apply:

-> If "Stanford" is listed as an author, the code includes content (possibly
modified) from Stanford's ACM notebook, which can be found here:
http://stanford.edu/~liszt90/acm/notebook.html
There is no license for this code, and the original authorship is unclear, so
tread with caution.

-> Code by Frank Chu and Igor Naverniouk is released under a permissive license
(see file Licenses/Igor).

-> Code by Tom Yubing Dong (tomtung) is released under the MIT license (see
file Licenses/MIT-tomtung).

-> Code by Ilya Grebnov is released under the MIT license (see file
Licenses/MIT-Gribok).

-> Code by Jimmy MÃ¥rdell is released under the MIT license (see file
Licenses/MIT-Yarin).

-> Brian Bi, Jacob Plachta, Wesley May, Andre Hahn Pereira, and Qiyu Zhu have
agreed to release their contributions under Unlicense (see file
Licenses/Unlicense), effectively placing them into the public domain with no
restrictions on their use. Note that this does not apply to code that was
originally written by someone else and then translated, modified, and/or
expanded by one or more of this set of authors. In that case, the original
copyright and license (or lack thereof) apply.

You are encouraged to Unlicense any further contributions you might make to
this notebook, whether or not you submit them upstream, in order to promote the
free exchange of useful ideas and practices.
